welcome to the men of recaps this is
arrow season 7 in season 7 Oliver Queen
is in prison this is not a bad thing he
actually does a lot more time to work
out now there's a couple past season
villains in here but it's a Rorschach
situation I'm not locked in here with
you you're locked in here with me on the
outside Felicity Smoak has pink hair now
she and William are in Argus protective
custody because they're hiding from
Ricardo Diaz who finds them no problem
she manages to hold him off just long
enough and she's okay she helps Argus
track him down but Diaz is now working
with the super assassins the longbow
hunters there's big shield guy in poison
dart girl and then the one that gets the
most screen time the silencer cuz she
has like a belt that silences all sound
Diaz himself is living up to his
nickname the dragon he's got a
flamethrower now he hires some guys in
prison to try to kill all of her in a
naked shower fight Oliver talks to brick
the villain from season 3 and has to
fight Samson from season 5 in order to
find out that Diaz his contact is the
demon down on level 2 so Oliver has to
stab some guards to get himself sent
down there and level 2 is really awful
it's run by a crazy psychiatrist who's
like doing experiments on the prisoners
finally Oliver meets the demon
it's Talia al Ghul she and Oliver were
friends in the Russia flashback but
enemies when she was helping Prometheus
they agree to be friends again for now
to help eachother escape Oliver steals
the data gives it to Talia because he's
gotta stay in prison if he doesn't want
to be a fugitive so she gets out exposes
the illegal experiments and Oliver's
back to his regular maximum-security
prison cell on the outside Diaz stole
some super bomb and the teams gotta shut
it down with help from the new Green
Arrow yeah someone else has been running
around the city in the hood you are
finished and with help from him they
take down Diaz Felicity considers going
darkside and killing him but evil Laurel
comes to stop her not out of any moral
qualms but because they can use him to
get a deal to get Oliver out of prison
she's trying to be not evil this season
she backslides for one episode but all
the girls have an intervention and her
Redemption arc is complete she plans to
go home to earth too and right her
wrongs as the Black Canary on the day
Oliver said to be released
Diaz escapes and takes over the prison
so Oliver pulls some MacGyver moves and
busts out of his cell he's joined by
former villain Ben
Turner the bronze tiger or black
Wolverine he wants to be a good guy now
though so he helps Oliver get to Diaz
who long story short kicks his butt and
is released from prison a free man Dinah
Drake is the police captain now and
vigilantism is still illegal but
sometimes they need Oliver's help so
they make the Green Arrow an official
member of the SCPD and they send him out
there with no masks because everyone
knows he's Oliver Queen now the whole
team is deputized and they try to be
real cops for a while but they're not
used to working by the book so
eventually they rebuild the arrow bunker
and our kind of consultants but the cops
are still hunting the new Green Arrow no
one knows who he is
in fact it's a girl she works out even
harder than all of her she's on a
mission to hunt down her mother's killer
but turns out her father is Robert Queen
yeah she's Oliver --zz half-sister his
dad had a whole secret family he
abandoned her name is Emma Coe Queen and
Oliver tries to reconnect she's
resistant at first but eventually they
become friends speaking of family Oliver
still got a son William they're
constantly in danger from one bad guy or
another so they decide to send him off
to live with his grandparents but his
story continues in an island
flash-forward father is Oliver Queen
after years of no contact Felicity sends
him to Lian Yu where he finds Roy Harper
we never learned why Roy was here they
go back to Star City which is now a
dystopian wasteland except for the
glades traditionally the bad
neighborhood now a really nice place
under the leadership of Mayor wild dog
Rene Ramirez they meet up with Dinah
Drake now leader of the vigilante
resistance group the Canaries one of
whom is a grown-up Zoe Renee's daughter
they also meet badass cage fighter black
star who is Felicity's daughter that has
an epic theme song if my name is Mia
smoke
there's also Connor Hawke who is bronze
tiger's son but adopted by John Diggle
and he has a romance goin with Mia smoke
we don't meet Nicholls natural son John
Jr but apparently he's the leader of a
Deathstroke gang anyway the kids break
into an evil corporation and rescue
felicity
they're making an army of high-tech
soldiers based on a security program
Archer that Felicity's writing in the
present and they have to stop a plot to
blow up star city long story short the
kids have an epic adventure bringing
down the walls to the glades and saving
the city back in the present Argus is
hunting a supervillain financier named
Dante turns out he's the leader of the
ninth circle another ancient secret
villain organization their only link to
Dante is Ricardo Diaz
so they reassemble the Suicide Squad
always a good time long story short
Dante gets away but turns out he's
working with a Maiko queen Oliver soon
finds out his half sister is evil so
they have a sibling fight he drops a
knowledge bomb on her turns out Dante
killed her mother so she kills him but
she doesn't turn good turns out she was
the actual leader of the ninth circle
the team brings in Roy Harper to help
take her out but something goes wrong
and two guards end up dead the whole
team testifies to cover it up but it was
Roy who killed them somewhere on his
mission with dia to destroy the new
Lazarus pits he died and was resurrected
with one so now he's got the pit fever
that gives you killing bloodlust so a
Miko stole some super bioweapon and is
gonna use drones to spray it on the city
team arrow suits up to stop her
including bronze Tiger who's now fully a
good guy Oliver has a final showdown
with his half sister but instead of
fighting he convinces her to be a good
guy so the ninth circle decides they
need a change in leadership and the
Queen half siblings fight to save the
city
amigo pulls a Darth Vader and dies
having been redeemed then Oliver blows
up the old Queen consolidated building
and the city is saved they all decide to
get matching tattoos which we saw in the
future the mark of four symbolizing the
four pillars of heroism and Oliver
retires for good he and Felicity moved
to the country because Felicity's
preggers full Oliver lives happily ever
after in montage form until one night
there's a random sci-fi dude in their
kitchen yeah the big crossover event
this season was else worlds where they
deal with a lot of multiverse stuff
long story short Oliver made a promise
that he would save the multiverse in the
crisis on Infinite Earths bad news
though it's set in stone that to save
the multiverse Oliver has to die that's
a bummer so Oliver and Felicity say
farewell as he leaves to save the
multiverse then in the future flash
forward Felicity says goodbye to the
kids as she leaves with the monitor -
and that's how arrow season 7 comes to
an end
[Music]